OpenKH is Open + Know-How. It aims to become "Drupal on Rails" with one
difference: OPEN
* There are only 2 types of users: normal user and admin (e.g no moderator).
* Normal users can do everything with minimum restriction from the admins, thus
OpenKH is perfect for building open community sites (e.g. sites where users are
able to collaborate to create blikis, QAs, books).
* "Demo":http://demo.cntt.tv/
* "Wiki":http://wiki.github.com/ngocdaothanh/openkh (instruction to install etc.)

h2. Install OpenKH

You should have some experience with deploying Rails applications
(see http://rubyonrails.org/deploy) to successfully installing OpenKH. If you
have trouble installing OpenKH, you may ask for help at the "mailing list":http://rubyforge.org/mail/?group_id=3480.

Requirements:
* ruby 1.8.7
* gem 1.3.1+

Steps:
* Download latest ZIP file from "RubyForge":http://rubyforge.org/frs/?group_id=3480
* Change to OpenKH directory
* Copy config/conf.rb.sample to config/conf.rb and make proper modification
* Copy config/database.yml.sample_sqlite3 (or postgresql, mysql) to
config/database.yml and make proper modification, then create the DB. You may
create DB by running rake db:create if the user you specify has enough
permission.
* Run rake gems to see the list of required gems, and run rake gems:install to
install
* Install OpenKH: rake user:install
* To add demo data (with an account with user name "admin" password "admin"):
rake user:demo
* Start OpenKH as a normal Rails application

h2. Install/uninstall module

* To install, copy it to modules directory and run:
rake user:module:install MODULE=&lt;module&gt;
* To uninstall, run:
rake user:module:uninstall MODULE=&lt;module&gt;
and delete its directory
* Restart OpenKH after installing/uninstalling

h2. Theme

There are many themes in the directory "themes". To switch theme:
* Run rake user:theme THEME=&lt;theme&gt;
* Restart OpenKH

h2. Developers

h3. Current developers

* "Nguyen Tuan Anh":http://rubyforge.org/users/akia/
* "Dao Thanh Ngoc":http://rubyforge.org/users/ngocdaothanh/
* "Nguyen Duy Tho":http://rubyforge.org/users/ntdt/

h3. Retired developers

* "Tran Truong Duc Giang":http://rubyforge.org/users/jishin/
* "Tran Thien Khiem":http://rubyforge.org/users/danicount/
* "Tran Thi Phuong Linh":http://rubyforge.org/users/alide/
* "Dang Ba Khac Trieu":http://rubyforge.org/users/dangtrieu/
* "Vo Thanh Trung":http://rubyforge.org/users/thanhtrungvv/

Only ones who have committed are listed.

h2. License

MIT License. See the included LICENCE file.
